Docs: changes to the documentation as detailed in #867 (#878)
aquasecurity/trivy-operator: docs/getting-started/installation/configuration.md

# Operator Configuration Settings

Trivy Operator read configuration settings from ConfigMaps, as well as Secrets that holds
confidential settings (such as a GitHub token). Trivy-Operator plugins read configuration and secret data from ConfigMaps
and Secrets named after the plugin. For example, Trivy configuration is stored in the ConfigMap and Secret named
`trivy-operator-trivy-config`.

You can change the default settings with `kubectl patch` or `kubectl edit` commands. For example, by default Trivy
displays vulnerabilities with all severity levels (`UNKNOWN`, `LOW`, `MEDIUM`, `HIGH`, `CRITICAL`). However, you can
display only `HIGH` and `CRITICAL` vulnerabilities by patching the `trivy.severity` value in the `trivy-operator-trivy-config`
ConfigMap:

```
TRIVY_OPERATOR_NAMESPACE=<your trivy operator namespace>
```
```
kubectl patch cm trivy-operator-trivy-config -n $TRIVY_OPERATOR_NAMESPACE \
  --type merge \
  -p "$(cat <<EOF
{
  "data": {
    "trivy.severity": "HIGH,CRITICAL"
  }
}
EOF
)"
```

To set the GitHub token used by Trivy add the `trivy.githubToken` value to the `trivy-operator-trivy-config` Secret:

```

> TRIVY_OPERATOR_NAMESPACE=<your trivy opersator namespace>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
TRIVY_OPERATOR_NAMESPACE=<your trivy operator namespace>
```

[prometheus]: https://github.com/prometheus

## Configuring the Trivy Operator Helm Chart

The values outlined above are set through the [values.yaml](https://github.com/aquasecurity/trivy-operator/blob/main/deploy/helm/values.yaml) file in the [Trivy Operator Helm Chart.](https://github.com/aquasecurity/trivy-operator/tree/main/deploy/helm)
If you wish to make any changes to the Helm Chart, please create a new values.yaml file locally and adapt the configuration that you want to change.

For instance, if you want to install the Trivy Operator with `ignoreunfixed` set to true, you would write the following fields into your values.yaml file:

```
trivy:
  ignoreUnfixed: true
```

Note: Make sure that you are not setting the values but also within the field of the operator that the value applies to e.g. in the above example `ignoreUnfixed` is a field in `trivy`/

> Once you have defined the values.yaml file, you can install the Helm Chart withe you specific configuration:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once you have defined the values.yaml file, you can install the Helm Chart with your specific configuration:
```
